# ConfigurationIn order to execute a phenotype, the following information is needed.  All of these details are contained in an “ExecutionConfiguration” object.  Sub-sections listed below have more details about parts of the overall execution configuration.* Value Set Location – configuration option for how value sets are discovered.  Allowed values are to use local files (1) or CTS2 repositories (2).  At this time you cannot combine local files and CTS2.* Value Sets – see sub-section below.  This represents a list of 1 or more value set endpoints to be used for the phenotype.* Execution Engine Name – which engine is to be used for this execution.  Instead of using an enum, a string value is used to represent the class name of the execution engine to use.* Execution Return – the expected result of the execution engine.  Allowed values are just to return counts (1) or to return a list of patients (2).* Execution Mode – defines how the execution engine progress through the query.  The allowed values account for an optimized query (1), or a debugging query that steps through each data and logical element (2).* Execution Engine Configuration – the specific configuration details needed for the execution engine to operate.  Additional details are provided in the Execution Engine sub-section below for the engines supported by PhEx.  Other engines may be added, with their own configuration details.## Value SetsAll value sets should be represented in a local file that can then be loaded.  A configuration option allows for other types of value set repositories, but for now only file-based repositories are supported.* File Path – the path of the file containing the value set definitions.* Format – how the value set definitions are structured.  Allowed values include (TBD – will include stuff like CVS and Excel files for CTS2, VSAC, etc.)## Execution Engine### I2B2* Project Management URL - the URL of the i2b2 Project Management (PM) cell* Login - a login in the i2b2 system that has permissions to execute queries* Password - the password for the i2b2 account* Project - the name of the i2b2 project to run against* Domain - the i2b2 domain to run against* Value Set Mapping - the rules for mapping value set terms into i2b2 concepts (described more below)#### I2B2 Value Set Mapping RulesValue set mapping rules are processed in the following order.  If more than one mapping rule applies toa value set or term, the result of the last rule will be used.  A more comprehensive review of the mappingrules and examples are available.##### Terminology Rules* Source Terminology Name - the name of the terminology from the value set.  This must be an exact match.* Destination Terminology - a structure containing the rules to map the source terminology terms.  * Prefix - the i2b2 terminology prefix that's used in the basecode. If not specified, it will use the Source Terminology Name.  * Delimiter - the delimiter that appears between the prefix and the code in the basecode.  If not specified, it defaults to a colon (":").  * Code Replace - an optional rule for how to manipulate the term code to the way it's represented in i2b2.  If not specified, it uses      the exact code from the value set.  Otherwise, it uses a regular expression replacement.     * Match - a regular expression to match against, including capture groups.     * Replace - the replacement rule to use, including capture groups.### OHDSI[ TODO ]